 

Ama-lm: Ameria (mod. Amelin) ·
western Umbria, who-e territory tone
the 'l'iber above the town οἱ Horta (mot

hcm nomm· vntum-2 renem
great victor-ios of the Romans over the
283 mc, The lake is commonly identifie
ebrunken) laqkeuo as· Base-nm on the
Tiber just above Orto. lt in mention«
have floating islanda by Senem (MQ. 11
miny (N. H. n. 20⁰).

4. color. etc.: the vatem ol the
charged with sulphur, like the water· t]
from the sulphur spring· of Bugni. 'nn
not the ordmary blue of clear lake· n
rather a (mmewhtt opaquo) bluinh wl
&ending toward green (uindice), und ι
sky-blue. with pru-101· in thi- neu·
Geor. m. 822 Pallul. xv. 13. 3. But
denote tho relative opacity ot taphat-u

sapor medicatus, a flavour os dmon-

ιιι· qua. tracta condantur, aaa pou-e
article-a: tho water, aa it ονιροηωᾶ.
sulphureous or calcat-eous chunezen—to
tion of tho framework of the inland· t
Seneca (Le.) peroeived. Juveml (5. 48)
used for-mending glun (noe ἰοι· {uu-the

